Chuck Norris can do a roundhouse kick faster than the speed of light. This means that if you turn on a light switch, you will be dead before the lightbulb turns on.
Chuck Norris can access private methods.
After returning from World War 2 unscrathed, Bob Dole was congratulated by Chuck Norris with a handshake. The rest is history.
It is believed dinosaurs are extinct due to a giant meteor. That's true if you want to call Chuck Norris a giant meteor.
Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom.
Chuck Norris doesn't churn butter. He roundhouse kicks the cows and the butter comes straight out.
When taking the SAT, write "Chuck Norris" for every answer. You will score over 8000.
Coroners refer to dead people as "ABC's". Already Been Chucked.
After taking a steroids test doctors informed Chuck Norris that he had tested positive. He laughed upon receiving this information, and said "of course my urine tested positive, what do you think they make steroids from?"
When Chuck Norris does division, there are no remainders.
The class object inherits from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.
July 4th is Independence day. And the day Chuck Norris was born. Coincidence? I think not.
Chuck Norris originally appeared in the "Street Fighter II" video game, but was removed by Beta Testers because every button caused him to do a roundhouse kick. When asked about this glitch, Norris replied "That's no glitch."
Chuck Norris? favourite cut of meat is the roundhouse.
Chuck Norris can binary search unsorted data.
One day Chuck Norris walked down the street with a massive erection. There were no survivors.ego
In the beginning there was nothing...then Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked that nothing in the face and said "Get a job". That is the story of the universe.
Nothing can escape the gravity of a black hole, except for Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris eats black holes. They taste like chicken.
Chuck Norris invented Kentucky Fried Chicken's famous secret recipe with eleven herbs and spices. Nobody ever mentions the twelfth ingredient: Fear.
A diff between your code and Chuck Norris's is infinite.
Industrial logging isn't the cause of deforestation. Chuck Norris needs toothpicks.
Chuck Norris can access the DB from the UI.
When Chuck Norris has sex with a man, it won't be because he is gay. It will be because he has run out of women.ego
"Let the Bodies Hit the Floor" was originally written as Chuck Norris' theme song.
Chuck Norris's keyboard has the Any key.
Contrary to popular belief, the Titanic didn't hit an iceberg. The ship was off course and ran into Chuck Norris while he was doing the backstroke across the Atlantic.
The original title for Star Wars was "Skywalker: Texas Ranger". Starring Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can win at solitaire with only 18 cards.
Chuck Norris could use anything in java.util.* to kill you, including the javadocs.
Chuck Norris crossed the road. No one has ever dared question his motives.
Chuck Norris is the only known mammal in history to have an opposable thumb. On his penis.
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.
Chuck Norris' dick is so big, it has it's own dick, and that dick is still bigger than yours.ego
Chuck Norris is responsible for China's over-population. He hosted a Karate tournament in Beijing and all women within 1,000 miles became pregnant instantly.
Chuck Norris invented black. In fact, he invented the entire spectrum of visible light. Except pink. Tom Cruise invented pink.
Staring at Chuck Norris for extended periods of time without proper eye protection will cause blindess, and possibly foot sized brusies on the face.
Chuck Norris does not eat. Food understands that the only safe haven from Chuck Norris' fists is inside his own body.
What many people dont know is Chuck Norris is the founder of planned parenthood. Not even unborn children can escape his wrath.
As a teen, Chuck Norris had sex with every nun in a convent tucked away in the hills of Tuscany. Nine months later the nuns gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only undefeated and untied team in professional football history.
Superman once watched an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. He then cried himself to sleep.
The First rule of Chuck Norris is: you do not talk about Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris sends in his taxes, he sends blank forms and includes only a picture of himself, crouched and ready to attack. Chuck Norris has not had to pay taxes, ever.
Chuck Norris eats steak for every single meal. Most times he forgets to kill the cow.
Not everyone that Chuck Norris is mad at gets killed. Some get away. They are called astronauts.
For Chuck Norris, NP-Hard = O(1).
Chuck Norris never goes to the dentist because his teeth are unbreakable. His enemies never go to the dentist because they have no teeth.
A handicapped parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there.
Chuck Norris has a deep and abiding respect for human life... unless it gets in his way.
As an infant, Chuck Norris' parents gave him a toy hammer. He gave the world Stonehenge.
When Chuck Norris was denied an Egg McMuffin at McDonald's because it was 10:35, he roundhouse kicked the store so hard it became a Wendy's.
Chuck Norris was banned from competitive bullriding after a 1992 exhibition in San Antonio, when he rode the bull 1,346 miles from Texas to Milwaukee Wisconsin to pick up his dry cleaning.
When Chuck Norris works out on the Total Gym, the Total Gym feels like it's been raped.
Human cloning is outlawed because of Chuck Norris, because then it would be possible for a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to meet another Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. Physicists theorize that this contact would end the universe.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story: Chuck Norris once swallowed a turtle whole, and when he crapped it out, the turtle was six feet tall and had learned karate.
What was going through the minds of all of Chuck Norris' victims before they died? His shoe.
In a tagteam match, Chuck Norris was teamed with Hulk Hogan against King Kong Bundy and Andre The Giant. He pinned all 3 at the same time.
Chuck Norris finished World of Warcraft.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Trivial Pursuit with one roll of the dice, and without answering a single question... just a nod of the head, and a stroke of the beard.
Chuck Norris hosting is 101% uptime guaranteed.
If tapped, a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick could power the country of Australia for 44 minutes.
The Chuck Norris Eclipse plugin made alien contact.
Chuck Norris likes his ice like he likes his skulls: crushed.
Chuck Norris can install iTunes without installing Quicktime.
It is believed dinosaurs are extinct due to a giant meteor. That's true if you want to call Chuck Norris a giant meteor.
Chuck Norris can unit test entire applications with a single assert.
There is no such thing as a lesbian, just a woman who has never met Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't daydream. He's too busy giving other people nightmares.
Chuck Norris has never been accused of murder because his roundhouse kicks are recognized as "acts of God."
"Brokeback Mountain" is not just a movie. It's also what Chuck Norris calls the pile of dead ninjas in his front yard.
Chuck Norris does not kick ass and take names. In fact, Chuck Norris kicks ass and assigns the corpse a number. It is currently recorded to be in the billions.
For some, the left testicle is larger than the right one. For Chuck Norris, each testicle is larger than the other one.ego
Chuck Norris' unit tests don't run. They die.
Chuck Norris can write infinite recursion functions and have them return.
Chuck Norris can win at solitaire with only 18 cards.
How many Chuck Norris' does it take to change a light bulb? None, Chuck Norris prefers to kill in the dark.
The Bible was originally titled "Chuck Norris and Friends"
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story: Chuck Norris once swallowed a turtle whole, and when he crapped it out, the turtle was six feet tall and had learned karate.
When you play Monopoly with Chuck Norris, you do not pass go, and you do not collect two hundred dollars. You will be lucky if you make it out alive.
Chuck Norris likes his coffee half and half: half coffee grounds, half wood-grain alcohol.
Chuck Norris? sperm is so badass, he had sex with Nicole Kidman, and 7 months later she prematurely gave birth to a Ford Excursion.
There are no steroids in baseball. Just players Chuck Norris has breathed on.
Count from one to ten. That's how long it would take Chuck Norris to kill you...Fourty seven times.
Wo hu cang long. The translation from Mandarin Chinese reads: "Crouching Chuck, Hidden Norris"
Chuck Norris can unit test entire applications with a single assert.
You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Chuck Norris will find you and kill you.
For Chuck Norris, NP-Hard = O(1).
Chuck Norris does not need to know about class factory pattern. He can instantiate interfaces.
Chuck Norris does not code in cycles, he codes in strikes.
Chuck Norris' Penis is a third degree blackbelt, and an honorable 32nd-degree mason.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can simultaneously hold and fire FIVE Uzis: One in each hand, one in each foot -- and the 5th one he roundhouse-kicks into the air, so that it sprays bullets.
The term "Cleveland Steamer" got its name from Chuck Norris, when he took a dump while visiting the Rock and Roll Hall of fame and buried northern Ohio under a glacier of fecal matter.
Thousands of years ago Chuck Norris came across a bear. It was so terrified that it fled north into the arctic. It was also so terrified that all of its decendents now have white hair.
MacGyver can build an airplane out of gum and paper clips, but Chuck Norris can roundhouse-kick his head through a wall and take it.
James Cameron wanted Chuck Norris to play the Terminator. However, upon reflection, he realized that would have turned his movie into a documentary, so he went with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Simply by pulling on both ends, Chuck Norris can stretch diamonds back into coal.
Chuck Norris's keyboard has the Any key.
Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. As Oswald shot, Chuck met all three bullets with his beard, deflecting them. JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement.
Chuck Norris solved the halting problem.
Chuck Norris doesn't throw up if he drinks too much. Chuck Norris throws down!